How to Make Chicken Gyoza - Step by Step Instructions

Complete cooking instructions for making Chicken Gyoza:

WRAPPER METHOD:
Step 1:
In a bowl, mix together flour and salt. Then, add water and mix with a wooden spoon/spatula.

Step 2:
With your hands, start forming dough. It will be hard at the beginning but keep kneading (you can transfer the mixture onto a worktop if it’s easier for you). It will take about 5-7 minutes to knead into a ball. The dough will be flaky at first, but it just needs more kneading.

Step 3:
When ready, place it in a plastic bag or cover in plastic wrap and let rest for 15 minutes (or longer) on your kitchen counter.

Step 4:
Divide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Put one piece back in the bag. Roll the other half until thin. You should not need a lot of flour for dusting.

FILLING METHOD:
Step 5:
Skin and bone the chicken thighs, then chop them into cubes or blitz briefly in a food processor.

Step 6:
Put the Chinese leaf, cabbage and water chestnuts in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped but not pureed.

Step 7:
Using a clean tea towel, squeeze the mixture gently but firmly to remove excess moisture, then tip into a bowl and add the minced chicken, chives, cornflour, sesame oil, oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, salt and white pepper.

SAUCE METHOD:
Step 8:
For the sauce, mash the garlic and chilli together with a little salt with the side of your knife to form a paste.

Step 9:
Dissolve the sugar in the vinegar in a small pan over a low heat.

Step 10:
Combine everything and serve with gyozas.

ASSEMBLY METHOD:
Step 11:
Put a teaspoon of the mixture in the centre of each gyoza skin.

Step 12:
Moisten one of the edges with a little water, then fold over to create a half-moon shape.

Step 13:
Press down, to form a neat crescent.

COOKING METHOD:
Step 14:
Heat a large frying pan over a medium heat for 1-2 minutes or until hot and almost smoking and add 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil.

Step 15:
Put 3 or 4 of the dumplings in the pan and sauté gently for 2 minutes over a low heat until they just start to brown. Don't be tempted to overcrowd the pan or they will stew.

Step 16:
Remove the pan from the heat, add 3 tablespoons of water and cover immediately with a lid of with aluminium foil.

Step 17:
Return to the heat for 1 minute, then remove and set aside for a further 2 minutes by which time the gyozas will be heated through.

Step 18:
Repeat for the remaining gyozas.
